TODO.md, before:

To Do
================================================================================

Recipes
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- [x] [Basic Web (HTML, CSS, and JS with Basic Images)](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/142)
- [x] [Sassy Web (HTML, SASS, and JS with Basic Images)](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/144)
- [x] [Modern Web (HTML, SASS, and TS with Basic Images)](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/146)
- [x] [Advanced Sassy Web (HTML, SASS, and JS, with Advanced Ingredients + Development/Production)](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/160)
- [x] [Advanced Modern Web (HTML, SASS, and TS, with Advanced Ingredients + Development/Production)](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/164)
- [x] [Responsive Sassy Web (HTML, SASS, and JS, with Inject Responsive Images)](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/180)

Ingredients
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- [x] [Base](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/3)
- [x] [Clean](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/5)
- HTML
	- [x] [Lint](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/7)
	- [x] [Minify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/9)
	- [x] [Inject HTML](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/115)
	- [x] [Gzip](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/97)
	- [x] [Watch](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/10)
	- [x] [BrowserSync HTML](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/11)
- CSS
	- [x] [Lint](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/15)
	- [x] [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/16)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/17)
	- [x] [Minify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/18)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/19)
	- [x] [Gzip](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/99)
	- [x] [Inject CSS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/21)
	- [x] [Critical CSS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/105)
	- [x] [Purge CSS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/22)
	- [x] [PostCSS Assets](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/109)
	- [x] [Watch](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/20)
	- [x] [BrowserSync CSS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/23)
- SASS
	- [x] [Lint](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/35)
	- [x] [Compile](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/36)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/37)
	- [x] [Minify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/38)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/39)
	- [x] [Watch](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/40)
	- [x] [BrowserSync SASS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/41)
-	JS
	- [x] [Lint](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/49)
	- [x] [Minify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/50)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/62)
	- [x] [Browserify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/51)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/52)
	- [x] [Babel](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/53)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/54)
	- [x] [Browserify & Babelify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/55)
	- [x] [Concatenate](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/190)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/192)
	- [x] [Inject JS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/31)
	- [x] [Gzip](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/101)
	- [x] [Watch JS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/56)
	- [x] [BrowserSync JS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/57)
- TS
	- [x] [Lint](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/69)
	- [x] [Compile](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/70)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/71)
	- [x] [Minify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/72)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/73)
	- [x] [Browserify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/74)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/84)
	- [x] [Watch TS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/75)
	- [x] [BrowserSync TS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/76)
- PHP
	- [x] [Connect and BrowserSync PHP](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/87)
- Images
	- [x] [Optimize Images](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/88)
	- [x] [Responsive Images](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/107)
	- [x] [Inject Images](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/111)
	- [x] [Inject Responsive Images](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/140)
	- [x] [Data URL Images](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/117)
	- [x] [Watch Images](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/89)
- [x] [Sitemap Generator](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/103)
- [x] [If Conditional](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/166)

Commit message:

feat: Added Responsive Modern Web Recipe(#196)

TODO.md, after:

To Do
================================================================================

Recipes
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- [x] [Basic Web (HTML, CSS, and JS with Basic Images)](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/142)
- [x] [Sassy Web (HTML, SASS, and JS with Basic Images)](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/144)
- [x] [Modern Web (HTML, SASS, and TS with Basic Images)](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/146)
- [x] [Advanced Sassy Web (HTML, SASS, and JS, with Advanced Ingredients + Development/Production)](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/160)
- [x] [Advanced Modern Web (HTML, SASS, and TS, with Advanced Ingredients + Development/Production)](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/164)
- [x] [Responsive Sassy Web (HTML, SASS, and JS, with Inject Responsive Images)](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/180)
- [x] [Responsive Modern Web (HTML, SASS, and TS, with Inject Responsive Images)](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/196)

Ingredients
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- [x] [Base](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/3)
- [x] [Clean](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/5)
- HTML
	- [x] [Lint](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/7)
	- [x] [Minify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/9)
	- [x] [Inject HTML](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/115)
	- [x] [Gzip](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/97)
	- [x] [Watch](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/10)
	- [x] [BrowserSync HTML](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/11)
- CSS
	- [x] [Lint](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/15)
	- [x] [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/16)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/17)
	- [x] [Minify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/18)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/19)
	- [x] [Gzip](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/99)
	- [x] [Inject CSS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/21)
	- [x] [Critical CSS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/105)
	- [x] [Purge CSS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/22)
	- [x] [PostCSS Assets](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/109)
	- [x] [Watch](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/20)
	- [x] [BrowserSync CSS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/23)
- SASS
	- [x] [Lint](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/35)
	- [x] [Compile](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/36)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/37)
	- [x] [Minify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/38)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/39)
	- [x] [Watch](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/40)
	- [x] [BrowserSync SASS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/41)
-	JS
	- [x] [Lint](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/49)
	- [x] [Minify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/50)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/62)
	- [x] [Browserify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/51)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/52)
	- [x] [Babel](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/53)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/54)
	- [x] [Browserify & Babelify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/55)
	- [x] [Concatenate](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/190)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/192)
	- [x] [Inject JS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/31)
	- [x] [Gzip](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/101)
	- [x] [Watch JS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/56)
	- [x] [BrowserSync JS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/57)
- TS
	- [x] [Lint](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/69)
	- [x] [Compile](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/70)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/71)
	- [x] [Minify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/72)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/73)
	- [x] [Browserify](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/74)
		- [x] [Source Maps](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/84)
	- [x] [Watch TS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/75)
	- [x] [BrowserSync TS](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/76)
- PHP
	- [x] [Connect and BrowserSync PHP](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/87)
- Images
	- [x] [Optimize Images](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/88)
	- [x] [Responsive Images](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/107)
	- [x] [Inject Images](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/111)
	- [x] [Inject Responsive Images](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/140)
	- [x] [Data URL Images](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/117)
	- [x] [Watch Images](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/89)
- [x] [Sitemap Generator](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/103)
- [x] [If Conditional](https://github.com/itrusler/gulp-recipes-es6/issues/166)
